# Describe the purpose of the PrintStream class and the System.out object
Programs need a way to output data to a screen, a file, or elsewhere.
The PrintStream class provides several methods for writing data to output.
Internally, a PrintStream normally places data into a temporary storage memory region, known as a buffer, and the system then outputs the buffer at various times.

System.out is a predefined PrintStream object that is associated with a system's standard output, usually a computer screen. 
The System class' out variable is declared as `PrintStream out;` in the System class.
Note that because the System class is predefined, a programmer is not required to import the System class in order to use System.out.

The PrintStream class provides the `print()` and `println()` methods.
The `print()` and `println()` methods support standard data types, like int and float, and reference types, like String and ArrayList.

# Describe the purpose of the InputStream class and the System.in object
Programs need to receive input data, whether from a keyboard, touchscreen, or elsewhere. 
The InputStream class provides several read() methods for extracting bytes of data from an input source.

System.in is a predefined InputStream object that is associated with a system's standard input, usually a keyboard. 
The System.in input stream automatically reads the standard input from a buffer that the operating system fills with input data.

When using an InputStream, a programmer must append the clause `throws IOException` to the definition of main(), as shown in the animation below. 
A throws clause indicates that during runtime the corresponding method may exit unexpectedly due to an exception. 
Ex: An exception would be thrown if a program tries to read a byte, but there was a communication error with the keyboard.

# Describe the purpose of the Scanner class
A programmer often needs to extract integers or strings from an InputStream.
Instead of directly reading bytes from System.in, a program typically uses the Scanner class, which augments System.in by automatically scanning and converting a sequence of bytes into the desired data type.
To initialize a Scanner object, a programmer can pass an InputStream, such as System.in, as an argument to the constructor.
Ex: `Scanner scnr = new Scanner(System.in);`

# Demonstrate the use of the Scanner class (no homework answer is needed)
```
import java.util.Scanner;

public class Salary {
   public static void main(String [] args) {
      int wage;

      Scanner scnr = new Scanner(System.in);
      wage = scnr.nextInt();

      System.out.print("Salary is ");
      System.out.println(wage * 40 * 50);
   }
}
```
