# Demonstrate the use of character variables (no answer is needed in the homework)
A variable of char type, as in char myChar;, can store a single character like the letter m. 
A character literal is surrounded with single quotes, as in myChar = 'm';.

# Discuss the representation of characters as numbers (include discussion of the ASCII standard)
Under the hood, a char variable stores a number.
Ex: 'a' is stored as 97. In an output statement, the compiler outputs the number's corresponding character.
ASCII is an early standard for encoding characters as numbers. 
Many earlier programming languages like C or C++ use ASCII. 
Java uses a more recent standard called Unicode. 
ASCII can represent 255 items, whereas Unicode can represent over 64,000 items; Unicode can represent characters from many different human languages, many symbols, and more. 
(For those who have studied binary: ASCII uses 8 bits, while Unicode uses 16, hence the 255 versus 64,000). 
Unicode's first several hundred items are the same as ASCII. The Unicode encoding for these characters has 0's on the left to yield 16 bits.
http://www.asciitable.com/ 
# Describe escape sequences and their purpose
In addition to regular characters like Z, $, or 5, character encoding includes numbers for several special characters.
Ex: A newline character is encoded as 10. Because no visible character exists for a newline, the language uses an escape sequence: A two-character sequence starting with \ that represents a special character. 
Ex: '\n' represents a newline character.
Escape sequences also enable representing characters like ', ", or \. Ex: myChar = '\'' assigns myChar with a single-quote character.
myChar = '\\' assigns myChar with \ (just '\' would yield a compiler error, since \' is the escape sequence for ', and then a closing ' is missing).

|Escape sequence|Char|
|--------------|---|
| \n |newline|
| \t |tab|
| \\' |single quote|
| \\" |double quote|
| \\\ |backslash|
