# Describe an (arithmetic) expression
An expression is any individual item or combination of items, like variables, literals, operators, and parentheses, that evaluates to a value, like 2 * (x + 1).
A common place where expressions are used is on the right side of an assignment statement, as in y = 2 * (x + 1).

A literal is a specific value in code like 2. An operator is a symbol that performs a built-in calculation, like +, which performs addition.
Arithmetic operator	Description
--- ---
+	The addition operator is +, as in x + y.
-	The subtraction operator is -, as in x - y. Also, the - operator is for negation, as in -x + y, or x + -y.
*	The multiplication operator is *, as in x * y.
/	The division operator is /, as in x / y.


# Describe the precedence rules for operator evaluation
An expression evaluates to a value, which replaces the expression. Ex: If x is 5, then x + 1 evaluates to 6, and y = x + 1 assigns y with 6.

An expression is evaluated using the order of standard mathematics, such order known in programming as precedence rules, listed below.

Operator/Convention	Description	Explanation
( )	Items within parentheses are evaluated first	In 2 * (x + 1), the x + 1 is evaluated first, with the result then multiplied by 2.
unary -	- used for negation (unary minus) is next	In 2 * -x, the -x is computed first, with the result then multiplied by 2.
* / %	Next to be evaluated are *, /, and %, having equal precedence.	(% is discussed elsewhere)
+ -	Finally come + and - with equal precedence.	In y = 3 + 2 * x, the 2 * x is evaluated first, with the result then added to 3, because * has higher precedence than +. Spacing doesn't matter: y = 3+2 * x would still evaluate 2 * x first.
left-to-right	If more than one operator of equal precedence could be evaluated, evaluation occurs left to right.	In y = x * 2 / 3, the x * 2 is first evaluated, with the result then divided by 3.

