# Describe and give an example of a floating point number and a literal
A floating-point number is a real number containing a decimal point that can appear anywhere (or "float") in the number.
Ex: 98.6, 0.0001, or -55.667. A double variable stores a floating-point number. Ex: double milesTravel; declares a double variable.

A floating-point literal is a number with a fractional part, even if the fraction is 0, as in 1.0, 0.0, or 99.573.
Good practice is to always have a digit before the decimal point, as in 0.5, since .5 might mistakenly be viewed as 5.

# Describe how to choose between a int or double variable type
A programmer should choose a variable's type based on the type of value held.

- Integer variables are typically used for values that are counted, like 42 cars, 10 pizzas, or -95 days.
- Floating-point variables are typically used for measurements, like 98.6 degrees, 0.00001 meters, or -55.667 degrees.
- Floating-point variables are also used when dealing with fractions of countable items, such as the average number of cars per household.

# Demonstrate (give an example) of Java code for formatting floating point output
```
import java.util.Scanner;

public class TravelTime {
   public static void main(String[] args) {
      Scanner scnr = new Scanner(System.in);
      double milesTravel; // User input of miles to travel
      double hoursFly;    // Travel hours if flying those miles
      double hoursDrive;  // Travel hours if driving those miles

      System.out.print("Enter distance in miles: ");
      milesTravel = scnr.nextDouble();

      hoursFly   = milesTravel / 500.0;
      hoursDrive = milesTravel / 60.0;

      System.out.println(milesTravel + " miles would take:");
      System.out.println("   " + hoursFly + " hours to fly,");
      System.out.println("   " + hoursDrive + " hours to drive.");
   }
}
```
Output:

400.5 miles would take:

   0.801 hours to fly,
   
   6.675 hours to drive.

# Explain the answer to division by 0.0 and 0.0 divided by 0.0
Dividing a nonzero floating-point number by zero is undefined in regular arithmetic.
Many programming languages produce an error when performing floating-point division by 0, but Java does not.
Java handles this operation by producing infinity or -infinity, depending on the signs of the operands.
Printing a floating-point variable that holds infinity or -infinity outputs Infinity or -Infinity.

If the dividend and divisor in floating-point division are both 0, the division results in a "not a number".
Not a number (NaN) indicates an unrepresentable or undefined value. Printing a floating-point variable that is not a number outputs NaN.

# Demonstrate (give an example) of a floating-point literal in scientific notation
Scientific notation is useful for representing floating-point numbers that are much greater than or much less than 0, such as 6.02 x 1023. A floating-point literal using scientific notation is written using an e preceding the power-of-10 exponent, as in 6.02e23 to represent 6.02 x 1023. The e stands for exponent. Likewise, 0.001 is 1 x 10-3 and can be written as 1.0e-3. For a floating-point literal, good practice is to make the leading digit non-zero.

# Demonstrate (give an example) Java declaration of a floating-point number, assignment, etc.
