# Describe a (Java) class 
A programmer can create one or more objects of the same class.
Creating an object consists of two steps: declaring a reference variable of the class type, and assigning the variable with an explicitly allocated instance of the class type.
A reference variable can refer to an instance of a class. The new operator explicitly allocates an object of the specified class type.
Ex: Restaurant favLunchPlace = new Restaurant(); creates a Restaurant object named favLunchPlace.

The "." operator, known as the member access operator, is used to invoke a method on an object.
Ex: favLunchPlace.setRating(4) calls the setRating() method on the favLunchPlace object, which sets the object's rating to 4.

# Describe public member methods
A class' public member methods indicate all operations a class user can perform on the object.
The power of classes is that a class user need not know how the class' data and methods are implemented, but need only understand how each public member method behaves.

# Describe a reference variable 
A reference variable can refer to an instance of a class. 

# Describe the purpose and use of the new operator
The new operator explicitly allocates an object of the specified class type.
Ex: Restaurant favLunchPlace = new Restaurant(); creates a Restaurant object named favLunchPlace.

# Describe the purpose and use of the member access operator
The "." operator, known as the member access operator, is used to invoke a method on an object.
Ex: favLunchPlace.setRating(4) calls the setRating() method on the favLunchPlace object, which sets the object's rating to 4.
